Right now I'm thinking:

look over the exercises on machine learning specifically.

different ML algorithms
ensemble algorithms

>> Look at which ones are individually most effective, and then check which ones combined are the most effective

To eliminate individual tendencies to over or underrate movies, consider normalizing the ratings so that they are standard deviations from the mean of that user.

---

- Clean out rating tendencies. Try as much as possible to make the rating system consistent, and be able to identify / remove any across the board tendencies that the user might have when it comes to movies.

- Visually check for outliers.
	Stratified per-genre output, for 

- Preserve genre-specific preferences.

---

Thoughts / Assumptions

(You can try testing all of these)

Some people will tend towards over or underrating all movies.

Some people will tend to have extreme likes or dislikes

People generally have consistent tastes for each genre

People generally feel the same way about all the movies in a series

People with the same tastes will generally rate movies the same way. 

Some movies are liked or disliked across the board. You have to take into account the average rating of the movie, and the variability in ratings for that movie.

We need to be able to distinguish between "this is a bad movie" vs. "this is not the kind of movie the user likes" vs. "this user rates all movies poorly." Each of these will be a factor in how the user rates a movie, and once we have removed those "across the board" factors, we can get a clearer view into what the user's preferences may be.

We also want to discount the learning rate on users or movies which have very few ratings associated with them. A simple way might be to cut off all by a certain threshold - you can find the ideal threshold by graphing the prediction accuracy vs. the threshold

Consider the effect of "hidden" genres - blockbusters or niche films, for example (movies which everyone has watched, or movies that very few people have watched), or action-comedy, niche-horror, etc.

Certain genres of movie might have a large amount of correlation, and others very few. For example, action movie watchers might also tend to watch blockbusters and comedy movies, while a fan of horror movies might not necessarily be very predictive of whether they are a rom-com fan (or they may negatively correlate with rom-com lovers).
---



For each genre, find clusters of users that tend to rate the same movies the same.







